README.md, before:

# React-ES6-Boilerplate

![ayee](https://carlosazaustre.es/blog/content/images/2015/06/react-es6.jpg)

The quickest way to start hacking on a new React-ES6(and beyond) project!

## Install
Simply clone the repo and run:
- `npm install`
- `npm start`

## Is it working?
After running `npm start` visit localhost:8080
- (this is the default webpack-dev-server port)

If everything is set up properly, you should see a welcome message on the screen that looks like this:

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/U6cC2nq.png)

## You're all set!
Start hacking away!

Most of your work will be done inside of `app/js`

To style your components, you can make use of `app/css` which contains a single
css file (`main.css`) that is linked to `index.html` however, feel free to
change or alter the directory structure as you see fit.

If you're new to using React with ES6 you can use the content inside of `app/js/` as an example of how to create ES6 components!

This is a baseline for new React-ES6 projects, add whatever modules you want!

The world is yours!

Commit message:

refactored the way styles get loaded

README.md, after:

# React-ES6-Boilerplate

![ayee](https://carlosazaustre.es/blog/content/images/2015/06/react-es6.jpg)

The quickest way to start hacking on a new React-ES6(and beyond) project!

## Install
Simply clone the repo and run:
- `npm install`
- `npm start`

## Is it working?
After running `npm start` visit localhost:8080
- (this is the default webpack-dev-server port)

If everything is set up properly, you should see a welcome message on the screen that looks like this:

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/U6cC2nq.png)

## Styles (css, sass, etc.)
To style your components, you can make use of `app/style` which contains a
single sass file.

Add as many additional files as you want. Wherever you need to use those styles,
simply import the file like you would any other module. See `app/js/index.js`to
view an example.

## You're all set!
Start hacking away!

Most of your work will be done inside of `app/js`

If you're new to using React with ES6 you can use the content inside of
`app/js/` as an example of how to create ES6 components!

This is a baseline for new React-ES6 projects, add whatever modules you want!

The world is yours!
